alright so today's they we launched and
we really want to capture today but we
know that we're not gonna have a lot of
time editing this so this is gonna be
pretty much just a cut of some of the
best moments
who are they yeah it's a big day for us
also we haven't been doing nothing for
seven months we have over 75 videos that
are done 75 videos in what six different
countries in the US Canada Japan Mexico
Cuba Costa Rica Nicaragua and more is
coming at 2:15 a.m. I got a text from
Thomas saying wanna put those headphones
on baby girl
I was not anywhere near he's our
producer he was watching a good video
that we're gonna be airing on snapchat
it's alright it's okay that's pretty
it's pretty good let's show people the
house let's give people a little tour
this is Matt being a usual
my submission is more editing how we're
all invited a bunch of friends were all
up to their own projects well we invited
a lot of people that have a do cool
stuff with their lives so it's gonna be
a good night
there might have this shoot and edit so
many of so much of the stuff that is
going to be coming
such a special night who's going through
my snapchat I said where is where is it
and I found it and I started closely and
I said oh my neighbor just went all
ballistic like he was throwing like
pieces of equipment he threw half of a
cooler almost trying to get it open